welcome to slash forward continuing the
theme this week we're gonna watch the
cautionary sexed tale it follows
released in 2014 let's get to it
we opened on the street in a cozy
suburban neighborhood a young lady in
negligee is running some sort of fitness
circuit in the street when a helpful
neighbor offers assistance are you ok
I'm just jogging in my heels she circles
back and peels out driving all night
eventually coming to rest on the beach
she calls her parents to say her final
farewells having resolved herself to her
fate and when morning comes we see she's
been transformed into an abstract statue
we then transitioned to a floater in a
pool
her name's Jay and we learned through a
conversation with her friends that she
has a date that evening after her glow
up we see her boo has taken her to a
movie where they play a game of guessing
who the other person would want to trade
places with Hugh chooses a young man how
cool that behavior honey because your
boys got depth in layers during Jay's
turn he selects someone she can't see
causing him to desire to leave quickly
he claims an impending bout of electric
diarrhea to justify bouncing before the
previews Jay discusses Hugh's odd
behavior with her sister Kelly and seems
to resolve to advance their relational
physicality in order to draw him closer
so the next night under the light of the
Harvest Moon they make soft sensual love
in the backseat of his Plymouth then
things take a dark turn when Hugh
chloroform's her and Jay wakes up tied
to a chair he tells her a fantastical
story about giving her his gift in order
to transfer some sort of unknown entity
to earth at will pursue her the thing
that will be following her now is gonna
look like a person and it'll try to kill
her if she dies it'll go back to
pursuing Hugh he's kept her tied up to
convince her of this and sure enough
they soon find themselves being slowly
pursued by a nude stranger in the night
he then does for the courtesy of dumping
her in the street in front of her house
like a true gentleman and her friends
call the police who do a basic
investigation from which we learned that
Hugh was a nom de plume and his address
was a fake Jay tries to settle back into
a normal life but sees a strange woman
advancing toward her from the window
after pausing in the hallway to verify
this seems to be what he was talking
about she meets up with Kelly and Paul
at the ice-cream shop to talk about it
sounds like BS to them but Paul is so
desperate to be promoted out of the
friendzone he offers his protection so
they have a laid-back slumber party that
evening unable to sleep she joins him in
the living room where Paul gushes about
how lucky he is to be able to hang out
with her but interrupted by the sound of
breaking glass he reports back to the
coast is clear and goes to
check on the others when J double checks
she finds the entity is there with meth
mouth and pissing itself we're treating
for the terrifying scene she closes
herself in her room but there's a knock
at the door and the knocker identifies
herself as Yara with indication of an
all-clear Kelly goes ahead and opens the
door je promptly soils herself and then
cycles our ass out of there with all
this being witnessed by her neighbor
Greg jaebeum exes to the park not even
pulling a 180 so kind of boring her
friends eventually arrived along with
Greg who offers to help they start by
investigating Hugh's old squat house
which Jay knew of but never went into
Paul the ever vigilant horndog finds his
spank bank which also happens to be
fertile ground for evidence collection
as it yields an old photo in which they
can identify a leather jacket from a
local high school through this they get
his name from an old yearbook and go to
confront Jeff at his family home they
have a powwow where the rules are
reiterated and Jeff impresses upon her
the importance of not telling his mom
he's sexually active as well as
continually passing the curse along in
the hope it will move far enough down
the line that they'll never have to see
it again like reverse social distancing
the friend group is incredulous but he
recommends they drive far away to give
them some time to think it out as the
thing is always shambling slowly toward
her from wherever it was so they had to
old Greg's hunting cabin where they
settle in and strapped up practicing for
when the time comes to accidentally
shoot innocent bystanders an unknown
amount of time later we see the gang
live in the beach life which is
naturally conducive to dropping ones
garden because you can't be anxious when
you're floating on the lazy water as
Greg walks off we see a creeper of
dubious origins approaching this gives
us a view of what the experience is like
for the others who can see its effects
and interact with it physically but it
proves to be too strong for them to
handle as they retreat to the shed and
with no consideration for what's down
target Jay opens fire and lands the next
shot clarifying some more of the rules
and limitations for us as it appears to
have only a temporary effect Jay takes
the first opportunity to run and
immediately ditches her friends but she
doesn't make it too far before stalling
out in a cornfield and succumbing to a
head injury she wakes up in the hospital
anxious about how long she's been out
and how far away she is from her last
location not knowing if it's had enough
time to catch up unable to leave we see
Greg take one for the team
hey good on you Greg yes selfless king
he goes about his normal business but
doesn't see anything concerning despite
the transference Jay stays locked away
not feeling safe until Greg confirms he
hasn't this leads them to uncertainty
about what to believe since Greg was
busy taking a leak with all the physical
interactions for happening and he hasn't
had any unusual sightings that night Jay
finally catches an eyeful of Greg
long johns breaking into his own house
she tries to rush in and warn him but he
doesn't hear her over the banging of his
mom and the banging of his mom which
results in his death later she and her
friends head out to enact a plan and as
they drive off she sees it's got itself
stuck on the roof like a silly goose
those shingles are gonna be hell on your
nads when you shimmy down bro J weights
in the center of a pool trying to lure
it in for electrocution apparently
however it isn't totally stupid and
begins fleeing the objects at her which
luckily come unplugged along their
journey Kelly that has a big brain idea
allowing Paul de Leeuw in a head shot
later on Paul the thirsty [ __ ] finally
gets a taste of his deepest desire and
receives an initiation into the club
then we see Paul trolling for hookers
but with no idea of his success assuming
that's been sufficiently passed along
Paul and J try a return to normalcy by
going steady but still it follows maybe
and that was it follows a chilly
atmospheric horror film that also
doubles as an abstinence-only birth
control PSA if you enjoy the video I'd
love for you become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]